Disclaimer
This story is fictitious and is narrated through the point of view of a character, which has nothing to do with the author. The characters, events, and incidents are the product of the writer's imagination. The places, however, are real except the one-story building and the Mirpur Cricket Club. Any resemblance to actual person (living or dead), events, incidents, and places are entirely coincidental.


The Night I Saved Her

In the pitch-black, moonless night I was pedaling my way to the house of a beast and a human girl—a small, breakable, damage-able girl. In the shadows loomed evil creatures, who could rob or abduct you and perhaps even sell you in black markets. I was naturally frightened but nevertheless gathered courage to go there, for if I hadn't I'd never be able to see her warm, friendly smile ever again. I'd known it all along—the radiance of her smile becoming fainter and fainter, tremors of unease manifesting abruptly at times in her voice, her mind getting preoccupied with a perturbing train of thoughts now and then—but pretended to notice none of it and told myself everything was and would always remain fine.
    Until now I'd feigned ignorance to my surroundings and been apathetic towards my friends, family, and even myself; consequently losing many indispensable things. I didn’t want to lose anything more. I might not have known her for long, but she was a precious friend—the first friend I made in a long time. She hadn’t been bothered by my dark, gloomy eyes that looked like that of a dead fish, nor had she cared that I was a failure in life. I'd always thought of myself as a nonentity, but she didn't. She'd accepted me for who I was and showed me the ways to live and repent.
    She transferred to my school a month ago. That day, she was sitting on a bench in the playground during lunch break, where I'd spotted her while going to my classroom after buying my meal from the canteen. The girl had long light-brown hair and pretty dark eyes. She was there by herself, her gaze fixed on the ground. She wasn’t eating, so I thought she might have forgotten to bring her lunch money. I was about to leave when she suddenly looked at me; and upon realizing I'd been staring at her, she gave me a warm, friendly smile from, according to my hunch, roughly five feet away. That smile lit up my world with infinite rays of invisible light. It extinguished the darkness in my heart. Nobody had ever smiled at me like that—not even my parents. It was the most beautiful gift I'd ever received. From then on, I strangely started feeling affection. And compassion.
    I went to her and sat beside her. The noises of the boisterous children squealing and squalling hurt my head every time, but at that moment my mind was engrossed by something. Engrossed by this girl in front of me. I carefully opened the paper package that was in my hand and that contained my hamburger. I clumsily divided it into two pieces, or at least tried to, and proffered one half to her. She looked at me in a bit of surprise, and said timidly, ''I am fine. You don’t have to worry about me.''
    I was then feeling awkward. I gave her a smile, or at least tried to, still holding out the half piece of the burger. She also felt a bit awkward and hesitantly accepted it, saying, ''Thank you.''
    Since that day we'd been friends. She was two grades younger than me. We giggled and chuckled while gossiping and chattering during our free time. Sometimes I told her the words of motivation and determination, which, honestly, I personally didn't abide by. I learned some of them from the Facebook page Useful Information. And I made the rest by myself. Once she told me, "You are my inspiration." It made my heart soothe and my eyes moist for an unknown reason. Those were the most beautiful words someone had ever spoken to me. Worries, anxieties, troubles, distress, discomfort, solitariness, tension. All of those disappeared when I was with her.
    However, my sweet time with her ended when she stopped coming to school four days ago. She hadn't informed me of it. I'd asked the class teacher of her class after 2 days. He told me she'd left the school. One of her classmates had further filled me in saying that she was leaving for Kolkata in five days. I was dumbstruck and felt as though my heart was set alight somehow without piercing or penetrating my skin. I felt like that not because I'd never see her again, albeit that was also true, but because I turned a blind eye to her pain and sorrow. I'd known what she was going through…
    It had now been two minutes since I sneaked out of my house and mounted my bike to go and see her—and set her free from her cruel fate. I'd managed to get her home address from the school office. I traveled past Beltola Masjid (the mosque where I went for prayers). Past Mosharrof's General Store (which was closed). Past the building where once an old friend resided (but no longer was he there anymore). It'd make me emotional whenever I passed by that building, but now it wasn’t any time to be emotional. I proceeded down to the ever-narrower alleys. I had no idea where I was going anymore as I'd never come to this area before. I was just following the direction my Google Map was giving me. The sudden howling and growling of the free-ranging dogs terrified me. I hoped they wouldn't attack me. After navigating those spine-chilling passageways, I finally reached my destination, almost.
    I could see on my right a metal gate, where there was a small signboard that read: Ondho Alo. I fumbled in my pants' pocket to remove the piece of paper where I'd noted the name her friend told me. It matched what was written on the signboard. Inside was a man sitting on a stool, sleeping. Luckily, the gate had a padlock. I was prepared to break one such. I rummaged through my schoolbag, which I'd been carrying on my back, to take out a lighter and a mini hacksaw, which I ordered from Daraz.com.bd. I held the lighter on the shackle awhile. After a faint burning smell produced, I sawed through the heated spot. It took some time, but eventually I succeeded in cutting the lock. The security in residential buildings in Bangladesh were often shoddy. 
    I closed the man's hearing with earplugs, which I purchased from Daraz as well. Then I tiptoed inside and saw a single-story house ahead, which looked outlandish—for many reasons. It was black and looked like a haunted house. Actually, it didn't look haunted, but I thought it did since I felt a sinister aura emanating from there. Also, that house must have been the strangest one in Dhaka City as the buildings always, in my experience, consisted of at least three floors, with the third being the rooftop. I was still afraid but remained resolute in my resolve nonetheless.
    The ground near one side of the house was illuminated by the luminosity escaping from the transparent window. Having reached there, I noticed the light of the room on and the glass completely see-through. I saw her sitting on the bed, weeping, silent screams buried in her tears. There was a scar on her delicate face as if made by a lash from a whip, and her hands were bleeding. The absence of light on her face told me of her gloominess. My heart ached seeing her in that condition. If only I had come sooner… Notwithstanding the feeling of remorse that wrapped me in its invisible arms, I vowed to rescue her from that misery. I knocked on the pane. Tap, tap, tap. Looking in my direction, her eyes widened. I put a finger on my mouth as if to say, Keep quiet, or else you'll wake them up. She rubbed the tears off her face and came to me, opening the window.
    ''Abir?'' she uttered, obviously surprised. The tears of happiness that came gushing from her eyes told me she was delighted to see me. And her sudden doleful wailing was complaining: It was tough, very tough. The feebleness and anxiousness in her voice proved my speculation: she'd been subjected to abuse and agony and been scared all this time. I patted her head to comfort her. It wasn't like me in the slightest. I hadn't been myself, since I met her, and started being someone else. A mysterious power had killed my older self and given me a new self. An updated self that was capable of understanding human feelings, capable of showing concern and sympathy, and capable of loving.
    ''Don't cry anymore,'' I whispered.
   She slowly stopped crying and muttered, "Don't cry anymore?" She looked at me and raised her voice, "Do you know what I've been through?''
    She was correct. I had no right to tell her not to cry anymore. Not after I'd overlooked everything despite knowing them all. But I decided to face her nonetheless. I knew I had to say something optimistic to those eyes filled with despair. I began, "Rafia, do you want to come with me?" I extended my hand to her and smiled. "I know everything you've been through. I've known about it for some time. But I acted ignorant, as always." My tone became emotional. "But I couldn't leave you… you are my dear friend. I'm so sorry I didn't come sooner." I didn't know why I was apologizing. I didn't know why I was talking as though saving her was my obligation. I didn't know why I was feeling so guilty and responsible. Perhaps it because my heart was hollow and lifeless till I met her; her existence had breathed life onto it, and if I lost her it'd become devoid of life again. "Let's go." I was waiting for her to take my hand.
    She was about to reach my hand when suddenly the click of the door was heard; and an ugly, huge, and fat woman entered, who resembled a human but wasn't one. An ominous aura was encircling her. Her jaw dropped seeing me there, and she shouted, "You crook! You are kidnapping my daughter to do terrible things to her!!" She marched forward, stopping shortly. Then she grabbed Rafia's arm and tugged her away. She gave Rafia a disgruntled look, "Oh goodness! Didn't I warn you not to follow a stranger?! Especially if the stranger is a man! What's that guard doing anyway?"
    "You…" Rafia spoke up. "You are a stranger to me!"
    The giant lady snapped and slapped Rafia's cheek. As things were looking hopeless, I decided to play my trump card: bluff. I knew well how the people of my city were. They were unable to keep a cool head and caused commotion whenever something went wrong or when the Unusual and Unexpected, or the Unthinkable, happened. I might not have been involved in any such predicaments before, but I was good at reading people, circumstances, and atmospheres. And, I knew how who was. I rummaged through my backpack and took out a pistol. Pointing it at her, I told her that I'd murdered the guard and warned her that I'd kill her too if she resisted. The woman became white in fear. "Honey! Call the cops quick!" she howled and exited through the door, slamming it closed.
    "Hurry up before they get back!" I said, nervous. Rafia stood there still. "Oh, don't worry, I didn't kill anybody. Now come quickly."
    She chuckled and responded, "Yes, I'm coming!" The tears on her face had dried by now. She took out a cute pink box from a drawer and unwrapped its lid. There was a golden pendant inside. She wore it on her neck and then went out through the door. Ingress into or egress from the window was not possible as it was fortified by an iron grille.
    "Why won't you call the cops?!" the bellowing of the beast could be heard even from such a distance. "If I knew how to call them then I wouldn't ask you!"
    I went to the door and waited there, for my friend, and prayed everything would be all right.
    "Where are you going?" the voice of the beast was heard again. "And what's that on your neck?! Give it to me!"
    "No! That's my mother's!" I heard Rafia's cry from inside.
    I became agitated. It was time to play my trump card again. "Open the door!" I tried to shout. "Otherwise I will blast the house with explosives!"
    "Why are you opening the door?!" the same beastly voice spoke after a few seconds.
    "You heard him," this time I heard a male voice. "If I don't open, he'll bombard the house, and we'll die."
    "You seriously believe him?! He's definitely—Wait!"
    The double-leaf door opened. Rafia tried to escape from there once and for all, but that woman grasped her by the hand and pulled her by the hair. "Let her go," I pointed the pistol again. My limbs trembled against my will, my face sweating with fear.
    The woman saw through me. "I see, so your gun is just a sham." She talked in a beautifully dangerous voice. "It doesn't have any bullets. Am I right?" Now that vile witch gripped Rafia's hand, hurting her and making her groan. 
   Now I exploded. I found myself boiling up with anger. I'd never felt this way before, not for someone else. I remembered I had stones in my pockets. I equipped my hands with some and I hurled one at her. The giant flinched and shrieked as she bled; meanwhile, Rafia managed to escape. I was one of the best bowlers in the Mirpur Cricket Club. My coach, one day, had taken the trouble to calculate my bowling speed, which was found out to be approximately 50 mph. So my stone-pitching was deadly.
    The ugly beast then glared at us. I was still furious at all the ill-treatments she had done to my friend. I hurled another stone, and it hit her eye this time. It almost made her one-eyed. I was about to throw another when Rafia stopped me, "That's enough."
    The monster now looked at us, unruffled. "You are committing a terrorist act," her shouting finally stopped and she sounded as if she was about to cry, as if she was innocent. "If I inform the police, you'll end up in jail. Oh, you're a minor, so your parents will end up in jail."
    I said, "If I tell the police of your inhuman, brutal behavior toward a child, I'm sure you will also get arrested too."
    "Wh-what are you talking about? Why would I behave cruelly to my daughter?"
    "You're not going to say that she fell and got herself hurt in her face now, are you?"
    "And I am not your daughter," added Rafia. "My mother passed away five years ago."
    The lady stood there in shock.
    "Please give back that necklace," said Rafia. "It belonged to my mother. She wanted me to have it after her death."
    The lady begged, "Please don't leave me. I don't have any children. You're my only child. I promise to treat you well from now onward. So please, don't leave." Tears started raining down her eyes, incomprehensibly.
    But Rafia showed no emotional response to either her words or her tears. She dispassionately stood with her eyes as cold as stone, as if she had become something other than human.
    "Leave it all ready," the skinny man, who was standing behind the lady all the time, said. "Give her back the necklace."
    "How dare you order me?!" she yelled, clasping his polo shirt. "And how are you okay with her leaving? She may not be my daughter, but she is yours!"
    "I'm okay with it. I failed to perform my duty as a father, so I don't wish to act one now," the frail man spoke, scared yet courageous. "And I'm sure she'll be happy if she goes with him."
    I couldn't really understand the drama that was going on, but I told them I didn't intend to involve the police if they left the matter there. The old lady clenched her fist in defeat before throwing the pendant in our direction. Rafia caught it like a ball. She took a few steps forward and then bade goodbye to her father and step-mother after thanking them for everything they had done for her. In spite of all those torture and torment, she still felt that she owed them for the food, clothes, and shelter they provided her all these years. I was amazed by this young girl's character and conduct. By her morals. By her kindness. By her tenderness.
    Afterward, we passed the guard, who was still sleeping soundly despite the ruckus. The earplugs proved useful. We left that house—the house that haunted her for five years. The feeling that I was feeling was indescribable. It was like I was shrouded by the warmth of magnificent, omni-directional beams shot out by the earth and heavens alike. I never knew before the feeling of helping someone. The feeling of saving someone. The feeling of seeing that smile of gratitude on their face. It was priceless.
    Sitting astride the bike and she sitting with both her legs on one side, we departed. The rising of the dawn marked the commencing of a new journey, where she was as free as a bird. She could now soar the skies flapping and fluttering her wings as she willed. 
    She asked me, "Why did you save me?"
     I replied, "Because we made a pinky promise to be friends forever."
    She leaned her head on my back.
   The bike suddenly started quivering as I almost lost my balance when my heart started pounding like a drum. I hadn't gotten used to her warmth yet. I couldn't see it, but I had a faint feeling that she was beaming with gratefulness and contentment as she rested her head on me. My face became red and my mind blank, and the cycle crashed into a utility pole.

